Update create-a-phone-system-auto-attendant-experiment.md (#9583)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/create-a-phone-system-auto-attendant-experiment.md

- If you select **Play an audio file** you can use the **Upload file** button to upload a recorded greeting message saved as audio in .WAV, .MP3, or .WMA format. The recording can be no larger than 5 MB.

> - If you select **Type a greeting message** the system will read the text that you type (up to 1000 characters) when the auto attendant answers a call.  Special characters such as "@" and "&" are not supported and their use can result in the greeting not playing. Use the full word such as "at" and "and" in the greeting text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you select **Type a greeting message** the system will read the text that you type (up to 1,000 characters) when the auto attendant answers a call. Special characters such as "@" and "&" are not supported and their use could result in the greeting not playing. Use the full word such as "at" and "and" in the greeting text.
```
